How to recite the Medicine Buddha Sutra to gain
health and eliminate
calamities. Dear fellow practitioners, the
Medicine Buddha Sutra speaks of nine kinds of
untimely death: 1. If a
sentient being falls ill, even with a mild illness, but
lacks a doctor, medicine, and care, or if they do
find a doctor, they are given the wrong medicine, leading to a
sudden death from an illness that shouldn't have resulted in death. 2. While ill, believing in the
baseless theories of evil spirits and
heretics, becoming
fearful and losing self-control, seeking
divination to inquire about the cause of death,
then killing animals to
plead with the gods for
blessings and hoping for a long life. 3.
Ultimately, it is impossible because of delusion and
misguided belief in false and twisted views, leading to an
untimely death and eternal damnation in hell. 4. Being
cursed by the King of Zhou. 5. Being excessively
indulged in frivolous pursuits, hunting, and lust, becoming depraved and having their vital
energy stolen by demons. 6. Dying by burning. 7. Dying by drowning. 8. Being
devoured by wild animals.
9. Falling from a high mountain. 9.
Death by poison, curses,
and evil spirits, or death by
starvation and suffering, is a form of suffering and death. If we
cultivate virtue and perform meritorious deeds
according to the teachings of the Medicine Buddha Sutra, we will
not suffer and all karmic consequences will
be eliminated. For
those who are sick or afflicted by evil spirits,
family members must wholeheartedly practice fasting and
abstinence for seven days,
then invite monks to
guide and witness their sincere
vows of repentance and cultivation of merit.
In addition,
family members should perform charitable acts such as printing and distributing audio/video
recordings, releasing animals, chanting scriptures, and performing rituals, etc.
Those who chant, perform rituals,
and do such meritorious deeds will immediately
be freed from the nine karmic consequences of suffering,
death, premature death, and evil spirits
as taught in the Medicine Buddha Sutra. Therefore,
we need to read and practice the teachings of the Medicine Buddha Sutra to understand
and
achieve the result of eliminating these consequences.
Misfortunes. Wishing all fellow practitioners always diligently progress.
Excerpt from the words of Ms. Pham Thi Yen, Dharma name Tam Chieu, Han
Quan, in the video to
overcome misfortunes at the beginning of the year. What should I do?
[Music]
K